Tiger sorry yeah
yeah okay listen
Rosie Rosie please shut what's happening
what's happening now okay we got the
cover I've got the cup okay
bottarga
okay trying underneath the snow right
here - sorry until you come home fellas
you buy me a high five that's coming out
tonight come with a knife me out here
sticks are the only way to capture the
cub without Curtis you got the last carb
it's so good to see him alive they're
just mobilizing now I can't believe
you've seen it through the storm
yes
and on this closer growling cub it's
making me the cub is given a calming
sedative
wait for the drug the team of them okay
they can take up to 10 minutes and winds
are this many people around it it's more
stress it's harder for the drug
dependence fight I just can't quite
believe we've got him you know every one
of these Cubs is so born there's only
400 in wild and we really thought he'd
died this I don't know how he's lasted
about ten days on his own without mother
without his brother and his sister and
now hopefully can join them at the rehab
center and one day come back into the
wild
this is great this what one is get this
guy
please he's got a second chance which is
out in two seconds
the sedative stops the cub from blinking
a gel protects its eyes from drying out
sorry about you
they've got to get this weak cub
somewhere warm as quickly as possible